Add tips section for select components (#6602)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/autocomplete.mdx

</Autocomplete.Root>
```

:::tip

> If you do not need to display suggestions based on text input, use [Select](/docs/components/select).

Reviewer: Please align this wording with the existing tips and clarify that Select is for choosing an item without input-based filtering.

```suggestion
If you want users to select an item without filtering options based on input, use [Select](/docs/components/select).
```

Author: Addressed in [f0070a0](https://github.com/yamada-ui/yamada-ui/pull/6602/commits/f0070a0709ab530d198ea12761502855149e2823).
